Alcohol, What's that? It's not in my Vodkabulary, but let me check in, Whiskypedia.
Doing nothing is hard, you never know when you're done.
If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
The statistics on sanity are one out of every four Americans currently suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you.
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
I never set out to be weird. It was always the other people who called me weird.
Isn't it strange? The same people who laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously.
I don't understand your specific kind of crazy BUT I do admire your total commitment to it.
You don't have to be crazy to be my friend. I'll train you.
If you met my creator you would understand.
I miss you like an idiot misses the point.
If you're good at something never do it for real.
Madness is like gravity; All you need is a little push.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me.
Do you believe in love at first sight? or should I walk by again?
You know I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
If i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive they would eventually find me attractive.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
I read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
Ya know I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
I think my neighbor is stalking me as they've been googling my name on their computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
You know We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
Awww.. The last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad.
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong.
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one person enjoys it?
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
Never, under any circumstances, take a sleeping pill and a laxative on the same night.
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says (If an emergency, notify) I put DOCTOR. What's my mother going to do?
I saw a chick wearing a sweat shirt with \"Guess\" on it...so I said \"Implants?\"
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea... does that mean that one enjoys it?
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station..
Some people are like Slinkies ... not really good for anything, but you can't help smiling when you see one tumble down the stairs.
A bank is a place that will lend you money, if you can prove that you don't need it.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
Why do Americans choose from just two people to run for president and 50 for Miss America?
Crowded elevators smell different to midgets.
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory.
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
Never get into fights with ugly people, they have nothing to lose.
It's not the fall that kills you; it's the sudden stop at the end.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
I discovered I scream the same way whether I'm about to be devoured by a great white shark or if a piece of seaweed touches my foot.
Women may not hit harder, but they hit lower.
A little boy asked his father, \"Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?\" Father replied, \"I don't know son, I'm still paying.\"
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
Jesus loves you, but everyone else thinks you're an asshole.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
I should've known it wasn't going to work out between my ex-wife and me. After all, I'm a Libra and she's a bitch.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
When tempted to fight fire with fire, remember that the Fire Department usually uses water.
You are such a good friend that if we were on a sinking ship together and there was only one life jacket... I'd miss you heaps and think of you often.
Knowledge is power, and power corrupts. So study hard and be evil.
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
Virginity is like a soapbubble, one prick and it is gone.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
A bus is a vehicle that runs twice as fast when you are after it as when you are in it.
If you are supposed to learn from your mistakes, why do some people have more than one child.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.